Hey folks. Today's episode was
sponsored by Datadog it's. A
cloud scale monitoring and analytics
platform. Datadog was built to
bring clarity to complex dynamic
applications in the cloud, on
premises in containers or wherever
they run with beautiful dashboards,
distributed, tracing, and seamless integrations.
With more than 200 technologies,
including Azure and Docker and
PagerDuty Datadog provides deep end
to end visibility into the
health and performance of modern
apps. Visualize key metrics, set
alerts to identify anomalies and
collaborate with your team to
troubleshoot and fix issues fast.
I'd like you to try
it yourself by starting a
free 14 day trial today,
listeners of this podcast will
also get a free Datadog
t-shirt get started at bitly.com/data
dog shirt. That's bitly.com/datadog shirt.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with Tara rock. She
is a program manager at
Microsoft and she owns the
windows subsystem for Linux. How's
it going? Hey Scott, thanks
for having me. Yeah, thanks
for talking to me about
this. Like I'm a huge
fan of this feature. This
is the feature that I
like to go and think
if I talk to a
group of people and I
say, who here knows you
can run like Linux natively
on windows. And like one
hand goes up, but the
rest of the people are
like, what? And then I
go to the windows store
and search for Linux, and
then it's like, right there.
I'm like, you can download
Linux and the windows store.
And then all of the,
like, what's the, what's it
like the 12 levels of
grief. Like people like denial
and then acceptance. And it's
great to see when people
go through that process right
in front of you. Oh
yeah. And they're like, I
don't want this to be
true, but also I need
it to be true. How
do I feel about this?
What should I do about
this? Yeah, it really is
something else. And that's what
makes working on this product
so much fun. So break
it down. How long has
this been out? I know
that there was, it was
a beta for awhile. I
talked to some people who
say I tried it a
minute ago. I didn't do
what I wanted it to
do. Or I thought it
was a beta like break,
break it down for me.
Where is this feature? And
how do I? Yeah, so
basically this was called in
its first generation bash on
windows. And that was released
in May, 2016 at Microsoft build.
And that's when I was
first announced. And since then,
it's evolved quite a bit.
The beta tag came off
about a year later, and
now this is a fully
supported feature. So you can
actually install a distro from
the windows store. We have
a variety of flavors of
Linux that you can get
ranging from Ubuntu to Debbie
and to Souza. And you
install that from the Microsoft
store and to actually get
the underlying technology that lets
you run these Onex binaries
on windows. You enable an
optional when those feature called
the windows subsystem for Linux.
So once you go, you
enable that you then install
your favorite district from the
store. And then you're good
to go to start using
this command line environment. Do
I need to like turn
on hyper V or do
I need pro like my
wife has windows home. Can
she run this? Yeah, you
can run this on any
windows skew. And as long
as it's the windows 10
anniversary update or later you're
good to go. You don't
need to enable hyper V
or other optional features. Just
that windows subsystem for one
X or as we call
it WSL for short, since
that's a bit of mouthful,
once you enable that, you're
good to go. Okay. So
WSL is anywhere and that
means it's on my, my
wife's surface laptop or any,
it doesn't matter that the
age of the machine it's
shift simply if you have
windows 10 anniversary or up
or later. So basically if
you're running windows update on
the regular or it's getting
run on the regular, you
probably have this already. That's
right. Okay. And you said
that it doesn't need hyper
V. So when it's running,
like if I go run
this, if I type start
menu and I type bash
and I hit enter and
I type like VIM and
I'm now I'm running them.
It's not in a virtual
machine, but it's still Linux
That's right. And that's where
really the magic of WSL
comes in. So this is
a lightweight command line environment
that actually doesn't require the
overhead of a virtual machine.
So really the way to
think about WSL is this
underlying translation layer where we're
taking Linux user mode and
that's the app that you're
getting from the store. And
then we take those Cisco
calls and we translate them
over into basically a way
the windows kernel can understand
it. And that's what WSL
does is it allows for
that translation. Okay. So I'm
trying to like translate this
in my brain and paraphrase
and also like come to
terms. So I'm going to,
you're going to watch me
go through the 12, like
levels of whatever during this
podcast, which is cool. And
I appreciate you guiding me
through that. My, my acceptance
at the, the, ultimately I
will accept WSL as being
a thing that I want.
Okay. So if I write
some code in whatever C-sharp
or Java or C, and
I say file.open, at some
point, someone's got to go
to the actual disc and
look for the file and
open the file, right? So
there's all these layers of
abstraction. And I know windows
32, or what they call
wind 32 development has the
wind 32 and then ultimately
the Colonel underneath. So there
is a file open that
everybody uses to go and
open files. And that's, you
know, that the, what they
call the wind 32 API,
that's a call into the
system. Now you use the
term CIS call sys C
a L. Yup. And that's,
that's a Linux thing, or
that's an operating system thing.
So this is more of
an operating system thing. So
what we're doing is Linux
expects the underlying operating system
architecture to be that of
Lennox. We're putting this translation
layer where when in user
mode, you're trying to call
the Linux operating system. Now
this kernel component will actually
take those SIS calls and
translate them into what the
windows operating system can understand.
So then we can dig
into your file system IO.
And So if I say,
I want to do a
file read SIS call that
is going to ultimately get
called, you know, get the
work is going to get
done by the Colonel. But
in this case, it's all
an X all the way
down, except for the actual
kernel windows. Does the work
That's correct. And so we
actually use a technology that
is called Pico processes. So
we take each of those
SIS calls and we kind
of pack it them up.
And what we call a
Pico process, which then the
WSL layer of the Colonel
can translate into a windows
system call. And it's actually
kind of interesting that this
technology was created by Microsoft
research. And it's a project
called Drawbridge, which essentially bridges
the gap between the Linux
and windows kernels. And it
powers many technologies that we
use here at Microsoft, including
SQL server on Linux. And
so we are also using
this technology to make it
possible, to essentially take one
Linux and run it on
windows.  okay. This is
interesting. So like all of
the neurons are starting to
like fire and I'm attaching
different things. Like you're probably
familiar with the very old
wine project where people have
without looking at the windows
source code made it. So
some windows applications can run
on Linux. The, the acronym
wine, w I N E
actually means wine is not
an emulator. And then when
someone calls a wind 32
call wine, we'll translate that
into a positive call or
a, an underlying operating system
call. So when I go
and say open, you know,
like CIS called to SIS,
underscore open, you see it,
you see it going by
and you stop it before
it gets to the windows
kernel. And you just let
the, you stop it before
it gets to the Linux
kernel and windows handles it.
And there's really no Linux
kernel at all. Like you
didn't install the Linux kernel
on the system, did you?
That's right. There is no
Linux kernel on the system
where he just translating those
calls as they come in
right on the fly. Well,
that makes me think then
if I were maybe opening
a file in the Linux
and the WSL world and
opening it in the windows
world at the same time,
like, let's say it was
on my desktop then, because
the Colonel is ultimately the
one that does the file
opening, both Linux and windows
could be told that that
file was already open. Right.
Which seems like a good,
Yeah. And you can communicate
between the Linux world or
the WSL environment that you're
running as well as the
windows world. So let's say
you want to open up
one of the projects that
you're working on. Let's say
a node application in windows,
on your vs code environment
and windows, you say code
dot from WSL in that
area path. And we actually
open up that project for
you in vs. Code on
windows, but it's your Linux
project. Oh, okay. So then
that's interesting. So if I
type code dot, whatever that
means that you in the
Linux world and the WSL
world have kind of added
a, a kind of a
path, you know, and when
you see Linux attempt to,
and presumably fail to run
a windows executable, you just
pass that word off to
windows itself. Yeah. That's, I
mean, that's fundamentally what we're
looking at here, and we
call this interrupt. Like, that's
the term that we've been
using, where you can go
back and forth between your
windows and your Linux environment.
And that's what makes us
a little bit interesting where
we're, when we're talking about
virtualization, we think about virtual
machines and containers. And I
think the way you can
think about WSL is somewhere
in between the two where
you get this environment that
is kind of container like,
but at the same time,
it's not sandbox. You can
go and reach outside of
that container. You can go
and look inside your windows
files or your Lennox files
have executable is going back
and forth. So you can
say from WSL, notepad dot
exe and pull up a
file in notepad, that's actually
a windows version of notepad.
Hmm. This is interesting. And
I think I want to
back up a minute, because
when we talked about like
the files, as an example,
lets let's not think about
opening files as an example,
let's think about opening a
port. If I opened up
something in node, on WSL
on like let's say local
host port 80, 80, and
then I'm go out into
windows and I open up
PowerShell and I try to
open up port 80 80
with like, C-sharp that because
the kernel ultimately is always
the windows kernel. I would
assume that Linux or WSL
rather got there first. Therefore
it's it owns the port.
Yeah, that's correct. So it
owns support at that point.
So really you would only
be able to open up
that first application from WSL,
Which is kind of cool
actually. Like the more that
I realized that this is
exactly what I would want,
I would want to be
able to go and run
my note app in WSL,
open port 80 80, then
in windows, open up my
browser and go to local
host 80, 80. And I
would expect it to just
work because this is a
part where it's kind of
weird local host in that
context is my computer. I
don't think of WSL as
its own computer, even though
it's its own operating system.
Right. And that's why I
was saying it's a little
bit different than a virtual
machine because you're really, you're
sharing your IP address. You're
looking at the same operating
system at its core and
something that's really interesting here
is talking about opening up
a node application in port
80 80. When you do
that, it lets say you're
in vs code on windows.
You're actually targeting a Linux
version of node. So if
you have a production environment
in Azure that runs one
X, you can actually test
your application against that same
Linux environment while still being
on your windows machine. Oh,
interesting. Okay. So then if
I were using node or.net,
in my case, I would
need to maintain my installations
of node and.net and Python,
et cetera, in two places.
And I might want to
make sure that I know
about the versions that are
in two places. I might
have one version of node
and windows and one in
WSL. So I just need
to be conscious of that.
That's right. Yeah. You should
be conscious of not only
the versions, but what you
have installed. So WSL really
is a separate environment. So
it's not like all your
NPM packages are going to
follow, follow you between windows
and WSL. We do have
some tools to help you
with that. We have a
WSL ENV environment variable where
you can create that in
windows so that you can
do some sharing between the
two, but that is defined
by you. Hmm. Yeah. I've
gotten myself into, you know,
lowercase T trouble a couple
of times where, like I
had a version of.net, like
2.1 in the windows world
and I was working on
something on my desktop. And
then I went into WSL
and my desktop or specifically
my C drive is available
at, at slash Mount slash
C. So I was like,
Oh, I'll just keep working
in Linux. And I went
down slash Mount slash C
users got desktop, but I
didn't have Dutton at 2.1
in the, in the WSL
world. And I got all
kinds of weird errors and
it took me, you know,
a minute 45 seconds to
go, Oh yeah, I forgot
to install the packages that
I needed in this universe
or this user land, I
guess would probably be the
best way to put it.
Yeah. And I think that's
great that you bring that
up. So considering let's backtrack
a little bit that you
had to say, Mt. Slash
C I guessing C was
your system drive. WSL really
sees widows as a mounted
drive on top of this
one X user mode. Right.
And so that's why you
have to go and say
slash Mount slash C. And
then in addition to that,
you're going into the windows
file system at that point.
And there is a reason
why we deliberately do this
as well as the way
that the metadata of Linux
files looks like and that
of windows files is rather
different. And so we're kind
of taking out the need
for you to consciously consider
metadata or case sensitivity, for
example, by making it easy
for you to create files
on the windows side of
your file system and access
those from WSL, it's a
little bit more difficult to
go from the windows side
and access your WSL files
because of that metadata difference.
And we want to make
sure that we help customers
and prevent you from corrupting
files, for example. Okay. So
it sounds like you're saying
because I'm on a windows
machine ultimately because it's the
windows kernel that ultimately does
the work I should spend
most of my time from
a file system perspective in
my, my data files, my,
my code, whatever, all on
windows. Like I can do
that. I can put files
and do stuff and put
files over and in the
WSL world. But if I
really want to share them,
they need to stay on
quote unquote C drive and
not inside the, the, the
Linux file system. Yeah. Preferably
on that side of things
and you'll still be able
to do what I mentioned
before, like targeting a Linux
version of node, even if
your project is on the
windows side of things. Okay.
Well that doesn't sound too
complicated. I can just have
as many Mt points as
I want then. Yeah. Yep.
So we have the ability,
if you want to Mount
a USB, for example, you
can do that too. What
about like network drives like
a sandbar SMB? Yeah. So
many of those are possible.
There is a little bit
of a can of worms
that you open when you
try to use something like
Samba, but for the most
part, those are available. Is
it a can of worms
it's worth interesting or like
we should talk about, or
is it like a can
of worms? Like it's complicated
or a can of worms.
Like it doesn't work. It's
a combination of the latter
to where parts of it
don't work. And then it
is also a bit complicated.
Well, that brings up an
interesting topic then. So let's
talk about like what works
and what doesn't. There are
a whole list of Cisco
calls, but I assume that
someone could do some analysis,
like file open is the
one we used an example
or port open, but then
I assume that there's more
obscure SIS calls and where
they're like how many sales
calls are there in Lennox
are talking about hundreds or
thousands. So I'm not entirely
sure how many CIS calls
there are in total, but
from a compatibility perspective, we're
at about 85% coverage with
WSL. And the reason for
that goes back into our
conversation about the translation and
these Pico processes. We've had
to go one by one
and enable various calls, especially
those that are not a
straightforward one-to-one translation. So what
we've done is we take
the user feedback that we
get and we see which
of these asks for Cisco's
comes to the top of
the user voice asks or
our GitHub repo where files
have, or issues have been
filed. And so we go
through those asks and then
based on how many people
are asking for a specific
Siskel, then we go and
implement that. So for example,
one that is a recent
ask that has really gained
a lot of interest is
for MSG get or message
get. And that's a service
call that we don't have
implemented yet, but because we
have so many customers and
there are companies that rely
on that messaging service, Cisco,
we're going to go and
put in the work to
implement that. And it's definitely
not a straightforward implementation. So
that's why we hadn't had
it before. But now that
we have enough asks for
it were sending our developer
team out to go and
help make that happen. I
see. Okay. So when you
say 85%, that doesn't make
me like that number doesn't
seem super high, but at
the same time, everything I've
tried has worked. So that
makes me think that the
85% that you did pick
covers a lot, like it
feels as a user of,
of WSL, you know, 90
plus 95% plus like I
literally I've, I've literally never
tried anything and had it
fail, which means I must
be using the top 85%
of Cisco's not the more
obscure ones. So the last
15% seems like it's long
tail, perhaps more obscure stuff.
Yeah. And based on the
user feedback that we've getting,
I think that's a pretty
accurate perception, but it is
more on the long tail
there. We have a couple
of customers who've asked for
things here and there, but
if we haven't implemented it,
chances are there haven't been
a ton of asks for
it. Okay. Yeah. But I'm
over here at github.com/microsoft/wsl. And
I went, as you were
talking and looked up MSG
get, and I can see
that yeah. Someone raised an
issue there, just a discussion
about it. And this is
interesting. Someone said, reopening this
issue since this, this is
the only piece of the
system, five family of system
calls that is still unimplemented.
So there's a lot of
interesting where they're saying, yeah,
I'm going to use positive
message cues and you know,
there's justifications about it. Someone
rolls in and says, yeah,
we haven't quite done Q
support, but like you're saying,
and here's you just literally
a month ago saying, yep,
we're doing six calls in
a per need basis. And
now we're seeing more and
more people are asking for
this. So how do you
implement these? Is this something
that I get with my
regular windows updates? Yeah. So
basically we have various rings
of updates. The fastest of
which is the insider's fast
ring. So the windows insiders
program allows you to get
updates a little bit quicker
than the regular RTM update.
So we push our changes
to windows, those insiders, we
look for quick customer feedback.
And as you can see
from our GitHub repo, it's
super active. So we have
a ton of customers giving
us feedback. And based on
that feedback, we iterate on
the changes we've made and
then roll it out to
RTM. Okay. So do I
have to update my Linux
to get that upgrade? Or
I just have to just
keep my windows going and
then like some Cisco I
want, it'll just show up
one day and there it
is. Yeah. So you don't
actually need to specifically update
your, let's say distro app,
for example, it comes in
through the windows updates. So
WSL is tied to the
operating system here. So when
windows updates, we update the
WSL layer. Now let's say
canonical has an update for
app in the store.
Then you would need to
go and update your app
separately. So really the store
application or your flavor of
Linux and WSL are two
separate things, just have them
working together, but they have
two different upgrade and update
paths. Okay. So then when
I'm downloading, like when I'm
quote unquote downloading Linux from
the store, I'm just getting
the user land, I'm getting
the zip, a zip file
or a tar file or
Jesus or whatever, an archive
of canonicals of boon two
or whatever Linux I decided
to get. I download it.
It unfolds, you know, into
the file system somewhere, right.
Then WSL the sub system
underneath it handles the things
for me. But if I
go back to the store
later and I see that,
that, that app has updated
that, and I'm putting app
in air quotes, right? The
app I've already got Linux
installed. Like you can't really
touch my Linux from the
store. Can you, what am
I updating? Yeah. So we
don't touch your Linux from
a store. We have you
manually go and upgrade that
because we know that you
have various files and configuration
settings that you want to
keep. So if you do
want to go and update
your application, we have a
way in which you can,
unregister your current version and
then go and install that
version. And this is through
a command line tool we
have called WSL config. Okay.
And I actually, I've got
a machine where I installed
all the Linuxes just to
see, cause I want to
see if it was possible.
It's kind of cool. I've
actually got room two 1604
and 1804 on the same
machine. And then I get
to go and type WSL
config slash list and then
set default. And I set
the fall was really interesting
because did that control what
happens when I type bash?
Yeah, that does. So that
actually controls what you do
when you type bash in
the sense that when you
say bash, let's say CMD,
you say bash a sudo
apt, get CalSAE, that'll actually
install a CalSAE on your
default distro. And that's what
you've set as your default
using that WSL config tool.
And you can change that
default at any time, especially,
let's say you're using
for work, but  your
favorite distro for personal projects.
You can easily flip back
and forth between those two
as your default. Oh, okay.
So it's not, it's not
a harmful thing in any
way to, to, to run
WSL config and switch faults.
Nope. It's just a configuration
setting and it doesn't change
either of those systems in
any way. Hey friends, this
is Scott. You know, listening
to podcasts is a great
way to keep up to
date on technology. Since we're
always learning as software people.
And you can also find
a job by listening to
a podcast. If you check
out our new sponsor, hired.com,
that's H I R E
d.com/hansel minutes on hire.com. Software
engineers can get interview requests
from companies that want to
hire you. Each offer will
have the salary and the
equity upfront. You can view
those interview requests and no
accept, reject, change the offer
before even talking to a
company. It's a great way
to find out what's out
there and maybe make a
move they're working with over
6,000 companies from startups to
large companies from 14 major
tech hubs throughout North America
and Europe. What's great about
this is it's totally free
for software engineers. And if
you get a job through
hire.com, that'll ordinarily give you
a $300. Thank you bonus.
But if you use our
special link, they'll double that
bonus. So you will actually
get paid $600 when you
accept that job. Now, if
you're not looking for a
job, but you know, someone
who is refer them to
hire.com/hansel minutes, and they'll give
you a lead bonus, a
$1,337 bonus when they accept
a job. So check them
out at hired.com/hansel minutes. One
of the things that was
interesting when I gave a
presentation recently to a bunch
of, for lack of a
better word, a we'll call
them oldies people near, near,
or beyond retirement age that
are still computer enthusiasts. I
was talking to them about
how windows 10 supported Linux
with WSL. And they were
like, well, I've already used
Cygwin, right? CYG w I
N. And the way I
explained it, maybe you can
tell me if I did
it correctly, was that Cygwin
was a bunch of canoe
utilities that were recompiled for
windows using that, that code.
But they are ultimately on
top of windows. They're not
updated as often. They're not
Unix they're they're utilities that
have been portably compiled. But
with, with, with a WSL,
I can actually like hype
BIR in dos and in
quote, unquote dos and say
pipe, and then say bash
and run it through grep.
Can't I, and I can
pipe to and from Linux.
And that seemed like a
good reason to stop using
Cygwin. Yeah, absolutely. I think
there are two main advantages.
Every signal in here, the
first of which is just
the user experience using WSL
is just so much simpler,
the way that you configure
things. And when you want
to install a package, you
use the native package manager.
So in Ubuntu, you're using
apt. And the other side
of this is what you're
saying, where these different utilities
and tools and applications haven't
been recompiled for windows, and
they haven't been recreated. And
in any way, these are
actual native Linux binaries that
you're running on windows. So
that means like, I don't
want to be really crisp
here. Are you saying that
you didn't change Uber into
when you put it into
the store or did you
even put it in the
store? Because canonical put it
in the store. Canonical puts
it in the store. So
we work directly with them
together there, and it hasn't
been changed at all for
the most part. And we
have a project that's open
source, it's called the WSL
distro launcher. And it's a
template to allow our district
partners to take a Linux
user mode image, essentially, and
package that up as a
tar ball that can then
be distributed through the store.
And let's say there is
a version of Linux, some
sort of distro that you
don't see in the store.
You can actually use that
template and the project to
Slack. Sideload your own custom
distro on your machine. So
if you want Alpine Linux,
for example, you can go
ahead and use that. Alright,
interesting. So I could make
an Alpine WSL and could
I give it to like
people at my job? Yeah,
absolutely. All you need to
do is have developer mode
enabled so that you can
side load applications and you
can distribute that like on
your own, it's not official
through the store, or you
can put that just on
your personal machine for yourself
to use. Huh? All right.
Well, let me ask you
this, then this is a
little bit of a defensive
question then. Well, why wouldn't
I just use Docker and
then bring up my Boone
coups and my all Pines
and my whatevers and a
Docker thing. Like why use,
why use WSL and not,
and not Docker? Yeah, I
think that's a good question.
And the main advantages here
are that you get the
interrupt between your Lennox and
your windows environment, and that's
something that you wouldn't be
able to do with a
Docker image. Yeah. So it's
kind of like when I'm
in a virtual machine, like
I have an open and
to virtual machine that I
fire up with with hyper
V and to be Frank,
I'm forever trying to figure
out how to copy files
in and out of it.
And I end up just,
you know, either FTP or
SFU, FTP things into it,
or there's, you know, there's
different, you know, secure copy
ways, but it isn't a
drag and drop kind of
a situation to get stuff
that you want into the
virtual machine. And you always
have that sense of all
right, what's my IP address.
What's my computer name. What's
my host name here and
inside and outside, once you
start using WSL, it really
is quite seamless. Yeah. It's
super smooth. And it's well
integrated between the two sides
and kind of a context
thing here is that the
actual windows console is the
shell around WSL. So when
you pull up your UConn
to image, it's going to
look a lot like the
command prompt and that's because
the rendering and the actual
shell itself is the windows
console. We're just using all
of the WSL virtualization stack
underneath that. Ah, okay. So
if I go and put
in bash, I put in
PowerShell, I put in CMD
, they are all the
same thing. So when I
click in the corner and
say properties, and I see
that options, font layout, dialogues
that I always see with
colors and stuff, it's the
same across all of those
three command prompts. Yeah, exactly.
And we did that pretty
purposefully as well to make
the user experience between these
pretty seamless something. That's kind
of fun that I like
to show with demos is
that you can go into
CMD and say Ubuntu, and
then you look and see
that, you know, your colors
will change a bit and
you see that you're actually
in WSL, but the shell
itself is the CMD one.
And it says like your
Uber on to username at
home or whatever your setting
is, and you can go
back and forth between CMD
and WSL in the same
console window. Oh, that's cool.
So then there was a
version of, of windows fast.
The insider's fast that I
was using that was, that
had a feature called sets
and I guess sets is
coming sometime in the future,
but basically it made windows
get like tabs. And then
suddenly I do tabs, like
all like Uber and two
and prob PowerShell and dos
all got tabs for free
because it's all the same
Chrome for lack of a
better word. Did the, the
box, the console host is
the same across everything. Yeah,
that's right. And we're working
with the tab sets team
to make sure that this
experience going between the various
consoles is one that's friendly.
Cool. So people can get
this today. It is not
in beta. It is, but
it is in constant development.
You can check it out.
The issues at get hub
slash Microsoft slash WSL, and
folks can find you on,
on Twitter and ask you
WSL questions. Yup. That's correct.
So you can find me
on Twitter at Tara underscore
MSFT and feel free to
tweet any questions, feedback. If
you run into any issues
and you can find installation
instructions@ourdocspageondocsdotmicrosoftdotcomandyoucangettotherebysayingaka.ms. Slash WSL. Fantastic. Well,
thanks so much for chatting
with me today. Thanks for
having me. It was great
to see you go through
the 12 steps and accept
the fact that you can
run Linux tools on windows.
Yup. I'm loving it and
I'm doing it every day.
And I'm telling, I'm talking
to random strangers on the
train and telling them that
they should do it as
well, which is a little
weird, but it's also fun
to watch them go through
the process as well. But
that's great to hear. Thanks
for having me, Scott. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week. .